Dawn Parry: Hello, I'm sorry I'm late.
Shawn Phalen: I don't know, I might have to
Dawn Parry: reschedule.
Me see. Hang on.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, we can try and get this done.
Okay. Can you see me.
Dawn Parry: Yeah, I can see you. I can't see you.
Dawn Parry: You have to see me. Well, why would I not want to see you.
Why do you not want me to see you.
Dawn Parry: Well,
Dawn Parry: I don't want you to see me. I just moving around the house right now.
Dawn Parry: If it's necessary.
Shawn Phalen: Is there any way.
Dawn Parry: Yeah.
Dawn Parry: Can we
Dawn Parry: Can we get this started. Now,
Dawn Parry: Really my fun. The first thing I like to do. I don't care for psychosocial that brings up a lot of crap that I really don't care to talk about right now.
Shawn Phalen: Do you want to read
Dawn Parry: When it's necessary. So, is it's necessary. My doctor wants it been going going to do it. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so I just have to ask you.
Shawn Phalen: Some background questions. So part of
Dawn Parry: Being in the program is, you know, you do the group and then
Shawn Phalen: They also so
Shawn Phalen: Happy like twice a month.
Dawn Parry: Yeah.
Dawn Parry: So it's, it's hard. It's hard for me to talk about a lot of stuff, you know, still just yet because it's still raw, you know, um, yeah.
Dawn Parry: So, you know, just
Dawn Parry: My anxieties, a little high right now that I've been thinking about this all day like the appointment all day. So, and then I'm actually lay down for a nap and I meant to get up.
Dawn Parry: I ended up falling back asleep. Sorry. Okay. So does it just making your best to
Dawn Parry: Have a session can be had therapy before I have. I have. It's, it's just, it doesn't make me nervous. Yeah, it's
Dawn Parry: It's just like opening up old wounds. You know what I mean it's not nervous that's opening up old wounds.
Dawn Parry: And some semi freshman's
So why don't we do this, why don't we just
Dawn Parry: I'll just ask you what I need to ask you, just so I have this information. Okay.
Dawn Parry: And then I mean I think that therapy is necessary, you know,
Dawn Parry: I'm not I, I do, I do. Okay, so just give me a little bit of
Shawn Phalen: Background like why you came to my heart, like, what, what brought you to bright heart.
Dawn Parry: Mom, I, uh,
Dawn Parry: I moved from Jacksonville, Florida to this area, you know, Northern California. I'm in Oregon. Now, um,
Dawn Parry: But I left a really abusive relationship. I lost my dad about a year ago, it's been just over a year.
Dawn Parry: The day before my birthday last year.
Dawn Parry: 15 years before that my
Dawn Parry: my six month old nephew was beaten death by his father and three months later, my mom was killed.
Dawn Parry: I went into a downward spiral just numbing the pain with drugs did that for a struggled with that addiction for about 15 years um well with addiction period.
Dawn Parry: But for four and a half years ago, I finally decided to change my life and I got off of the pain pills.
Dawn Parry: But I just I stayed clean for a while, but then I met the dude I left from in Florida, he got me on math.
Dawn Parry: And I, I finally had enough with enough and in November. I got on a Greyhound bus and road 303,000 126 miles to start fresh. And that's what I've done.
Dawn Parry: I didn't go to the biggest you know the best situation, the ideal situation. So I removed myself from that situation and I took a job offer 40 miles north
Dawn Parry: Working for Dr. Caregiving I'm just so I could get away from that stuff because it was all around me there too. It's not here.
Dawn Parry: You know, I've got, I've enrolled in school. I'm going after my age and web design in developing
Dawn Parry: Since I've been in the program. I've been doing really well.
Dawn Parry: And
Dawn Parry: I just some really, really, really bad shit happened to me in Florida, before I left.
Dawn Parry: I was hospitalized for 10 days.
Dawn Parry: third degree burn.
Dawn Parry: Sexual Assault
Dawn Parry: It was it was rough. Before I left.
Shawn Phalen: So have you been with Bret Hart since November.
Dawn Parry: No. Um, I've been with bright heart. I think we're going on about a month now.
Dawn Parry: little over a month.
Dawn Parry: And because I got, I got to the point where the pain. The pain was getting so much you know so intense that I had to do something. And I was, I was starting to take like narcotic pain medication again and that scared me because, you know, being, you know, almost five years off of it.
Dawn Parry: I remember what it did in my life. Initially, you know, so that's when I reached out to my my provider and he referred me to you guys.
Dawn Parry: So is this the first treatment that you've done this is have you done any inpatient treatment. Yes.
Dawn Parry: Yes. Yeah, I've been my provider. When I first got to California, you know, he got my medical records and then immediately, you know, put me back on my medications. Um so yeah I've, I've been back on.
Dawn Parry: Boost bar.
Dawn Parry: Zyprexa and
Dawn Parry: Effects, sir. Okay.
Dawn Parry: Are you, is it working. It's helping it's helping a lot. Yeah, okay.
Are you gonna
Dawn Parry: Be on the Suboxone. Yes. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: And so, was there any any history of substance abuse in your family.
Dawn Parry: Um, both my parents were alcoholics. Okay. And any siblings.
Dawn Parry: Um, yeah, my sister and my brother. There was my oldest brother hasn't as far as I know.
Dawn Parry: He's actually very anti drug
Dawn Parry: But me out of four three out of four of us. Yeah. Okay.
Do you have contact with your siblings.
Dawn Parry: I was my sister. My sister actually just got out of rehab program is in doing in is doing very well and recovery.
Dawn Parry: Social Work on or like, you know, doing the same thing at the same time, for once, and it feels good. We're supportive of each other.
Dawn Parry: We don't really have much communication with our brothers.
Dawn Parry: You only reason we do communicate is to check our grandfather
Dawn Parry: Jacksonville, Florida, everybody's in Florida. I'm here alone. Well, I've met some people since I've been here, you know, good people.
Dawn Parry: I started dating. I started dating again last week and he's an incredible man I'm
Dawn Parry: I'm trying to live.
Dawn Parry: The life I want I deserve to live, you know, happy, right. So who do you live with anybody up there.
Dawn Parry: I'm right now I'm in a hotel, but the the guy I'm dating has been talking about wanting me to come stay at his house. That's where I'm at right now is is
Dawn Parry: You know, a
Dawn Parry: Haze all about love and romance and you know everything that I've been needing from and yearning from a guy, you know,
Dawn Parry: For a long time, you know,
Dawn Parry: Of course, I have the fears because of what happened in my last relationship right but he doesn't do drugs. He doesn't drink.
Dawn Parry: You know, alcohol and drugs and my past relationships and
Dawn Parry: Just really bad, really bad.
Dawn Parry: Really that relationship because
Dawn Parry: I knew that the alcoholism. It wasn't me it was them, you know, they would just flip completely like turn into monsters if they were start drinking
Dawn Parry: On
Dawn Parry: So now I see red flags. You know, I don't, I'm not going after you know a man, use of substances.
Dawn Parry: You know that's and I think I've found them. I mean, I have found them and
Dawn Parry: Actually, he found me. We met at the post office, the day after I got here.
Dawn Parry: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So are you working right now.
Dawn Parry: I am the day after I got here. Again, I was able to get a job. We were we, everything was starting to open backup.
Dawn Parry: Um, and I was at Grocery Outlet getting stuff for my you know my coffee coffee maker and, you know, stuff like that, guys, I'm I do class, you know, I do class every day, you know, Monday through Friday so I get up, drink my coffee, you know, get woke up and then I then I log into class.
Dawn Parry: And I need my coffee and I will go on to the checkout, not as, like, you know, I made conversation with the checkout lady and really friendly, everybody. So for me, a year, um, you know, small town style. I love it.
Dawn Parry: And I asked if anybody was hiring and she referred me down to a restaurant and port in the harbor area and
Dawn Parry: I got the job on the spot. So I've been working a lot of doubles. That's why I was taking a nap today.
Dawn Parry: You know, and again, I'm sorry I was late.
Dawn Parry: So,
Shawn Phalen: Have you, do you have any legal issues that you're dealing with.
Dawn Parry: Legal legal issues. Yeah. No. Well, no, I don't have any legal issues. I haven't, I haven't been in any trouble in almost five years, which I'm so, so, so proud of.
Dawn Parry: I beat three set of ism right and you know that that meant a lot to me because I, you know, during my ripping and running years I I ended up in jail a lot over some stupid stuff.
Dawn Parry: I'm due to drug drug use, you know, so you know for for me to be in that span is just awesome for me, you know, it feels great and it's just it's keeping me going, you know,
Dawn Parry: I see that doing the right things, you know, making good decisions things fall in place and start to go right you know I'm
Dawn Parry: Saying it's a it's been it's been good. I don't
Dawn Parry: Um,
Dawn Parry: What was your original. Oh. Oh. So yeah, I have. I've been working out. And I've been working a lot. I've been it feels good to work, you know, meeting new people, is because of my social anxiety.
Dawn Parry: And I've been kind of like forcing myself to do things that I would normally want to go and isolate and hide from right like going out on a date.
Dawn Parry: I'm working in a restaurant dealing with, you know, new people everyday people. I don't know.
Dawn Parry: Because I refuse to let my the dude him in the last relationship change who I who I am, you know, and I mean I am a friendly, you know, outgoing
Dawn Parry: Beautiful woman and I mean like he just totally be all the confidence out of me and let me train me have
Dawn Parry: I have watched. I didn't watch TV or movies for over a year. I lost interest in everything, um, you know, I like to be creative. I like I like doing art.
Dawn Parry: I like to paint color and I stopped liking all of that you know i'm i'm starting to find interest in things again, you know, it's, it's, um, it feels good.
Shawn Phalen: How long were you with this guy.
Dawn Parry: Over a year.
Dawn Parry: By year and a half.
Dawn Parry: And Ray. He does. He didn't start he does aren't really I we had known each other a year and a half. We didn't start you know dating or whatever.
Dawn Parry: Until
Dawn Parry: We moved into get it moved in together and then things started happening on a sexual basis. And then, you know,
Dawn Parry: I started going through a difficult time with my dad and it kind of we just, we just kind of like were, you know, together, you know, it just kind of worked out that way. But it wasn't until after my dad died, he began to abuse me um
Dawn Parry: I just
Dawn Parry: I never, I never saw that coming. Like in the beginning, just to see somebody flipped their whole
Dawn Parry: Like textbook psychopath narcissist, I swear.
Dawn Parry: I like his personality, just flip it was. I never seen anything like it. My entire life and and the, the, look at his eyes when he would get angry.
Dawn Parry: I knew that if I didn't leave Jacksonville, I would I would die.
Shawn Phalen: So you said you were in the hospital prior to coming out what happened.
Dawn Parry: was drugged sexually assaulted burned with a lighter torch. Yeah, I'm
Shawn Phalen: By this guy, you are with
Dawn Parry: He was part of it. Yeah.
Dawn Parry: And involved others.
Dawn Parry: Yeah.
Dawn Parry: And
Shawn Phalen: When was the last time they ease math. What was the last date.
Dawn Parry: November 3 of
Dawn Parry: And I was using it for pretty heavily for over a year until it was about. That was the but I had already started to cut down
Dawn Parry: Because I knew that I was going to be leaving. So I started to plan my getaway.
Dawn Parry: And I knew I could be on it that like that and just leave and be okay so
Dawn Parry: I would do, I started to, you know, like those down. I started to cut back and I was down to like a point one, zero.
Dawn Parry: I was I was doing IV, I would do the, you know, just a little tiny shot just to keep me from because I would have terrible mood swings. If I didn't have it just terrible. Like I never seen myself.
Dawn Parry: Have the mood swings like that before. I like I it blew my mind. It's scary. It was scary.
Dawn Parry: Because I had tried quitting, you know, cold turkey before and
Dawn Parry: I had such terrible mood swings. I figured I needed to, you know, come down because I didn't want it. I didn't for my my own dumb prideful reasons I didn't want to go into detox.
Dawn Parry: You know, and they don't believe that you can have mood swings from that or have withdrawals from it. Anyway, you know, most places you don't have withdrawals from math and that's bullshit.
Dawn Parry: So I, I, it was about three months before I finally was able to leave that I started to bring myself off of it. But as soon as I got on that Greyhound bus that was, you know, the day before. That was the last time I you
Dawn Parry: Know, I mean it was just a little bit per day that I was, you know, so I was keeping myself from having the withdrawals.
Dawn Parry: And then I went cold turkey on that bus.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so why don't we do this.
Dawn Parry: Can we set another appointment sense. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Since we need it. Like I said, you know, they like to
Dawn Parry: Yeah, no, I like i said i i know that it's necessary, you know, my doc. I'm very open and very honest with my doctors, um, you know, and
Dawn Parry: I, I hate to medical advice. I know it's necessary. It's just spread those things. Yeah, just like rather than old wounds, but I know it needs to be talked about.
Shawn Phalen: What what days are your group.
Dawn Parry: Mondays. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So can we set something for June 10 at 630
Dawn Parry: Sure. That's my mom's birthday.
Shawn Phalen: And so interesting. You know, like, you don't have to talk about anything that you don't want to talk about, like, I'm not going to make you
Shawn Phalen: Talk about stuff. It's like so painful that he, you know, like this is like doing the therapy is just a way for you to talk about what you want to talk about. Okay.
Okay. Is it for
Dawn Parry: You know, it's your it's your our your half hour. Okay. Okay. You don't have to rehash all of the really painful stuff. Okay. All right. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So I got you down for 630 on Channel 10
Okay.
Dawn Parry: That wasn't good. No, it was it. Thank you. And again, I'm sorry I was late.
Shawn Phalen: Alright, no worries.
Dawn Parry: Okay, I'm sorry for the while. Yeah. You know, I was like, you know, I'm, I'm sorry I wasn't looking forward to it, but no wasn't
Dawn Parry: totally understand. No worries. All right. Thanks, Sean. I'll see you June 10
Shawn Phalen: Take it.
Dawn Parry: Okay, you too. Bye.
Shawn Phalen: Hey, sorry.
Shawn Phalen: I'm late.
Shawn Phalen: Somewhere. Yeah.
Hey, did you
Shawn Phalen: Did you get the email that I sent you.
Minh Triet Vu: I haven't checked today and maybe I will later after this call.
Shawn Phalen: So did you talk to Mary, did you talk to Mary about that.
Minh Triet Vu: Paperwork yes and I have received the documents from memory.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so she
Minh Triet Vu: Did she
Shawn Phalen: Because I was told that you need to have your primary care physician fill that stuff out.
Did she say that too.
Minh Triet Vu: Um, no. Okay. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, that's weird.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, because they told me that I could not fill that out.
Minh Triet Vu: And then it would go to had to go to your primary care.
Minh Triet Vu: Primary care.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, I haven't, I haven't even met the person
Minh Triet Vu: In real life,
Minh Triet Vu: I mean,
Minh Triet Vu: Ever since I moved from San Jose to Berkeley I switch to another care provider.
Minh Triet Vu: And this new primary care doctor, I have not even spoken or
Minh Triet Vu: Met her in person. Right.
Minh Triet Vu: So I don't know.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Can you do me a favor.
Minh Triet Vu: Can you resend that paperwork to me again. Yes.
Minh Triet Vu: Yes.
It's a marriage married
Minh Triet Vu: Yes. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Have you tell me what's happening with like
Minh Triet Vu: Have you started filling out your application like what's going on. I have sent in everything.
Minh Triet Vu: Everything that I have on my part. And I think beyond the only one. Yeah. The only document that I need is the one of the health evaluation from you and that's the only one that I need, and I have sent in everything else. And now I'm waiting for the decision and also I yeah
Minh Triet Vu: Again, it's the same as last week. The school has not has not decided anything and
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, I could not move forward with my renting plan. So right now I'm just waiting.
Okay, what are you waiting to hear. Then if they're gonna just do online or
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, I'm waiting for the end of this month and to see if the State decided to reopen or are we continue. Are we continue going to protect shoulder or how are we going out. Yeah, I need that decisions.
Yeah.
So when are they supposed to let you know.
Minh Triet Vu: They say
Minh Triet Vu: But other than other than waiting for that. I don't really know what else I should do.
Minh Triet Vu: Except for taking care of myself, of course.
Shawn Phalen: Sorry. How are you doing,
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, I've been doing really well. Surprisingly,
Shawn Phalen: Why is this crazy
Minh Triet Vu: Here because I used to be in shambles and not always in good shape.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, so this is this is good news for you.
Minh Triet Vu: Yes, I think change is good, but I myself don't like changing that much because
Minh Triet Vu: I'm afraid. Neil anything new. Right.
Shawn Phalen: You're not
Minh Triet Vu: Afraid of anything.
Shawn Phalen: How are you feeling
Shawn Phalen: Going back to school.
Shawn Phalen: Are you, are you excited
Minh Triet Vu: No you're not. Yeah, no.
Minh Triet Vu: I'm not excited
Minh Triet Vu: What's happening.
Minh Triet Vu: It's hard to say it's
Minh Triet Vu: It's not really what I want to do, but I have to do.
What you want to do.
Minh Triet Vu: If I have enough money, and I am the one in control of everything.
Minh Triet Vu: Then I would buy a house.
Minh Triet Vu: At a countryside and then growing plants or
Minh Triet Vu: So, and then, yeah. And then so support myself through my life because, yeah, I've been watching some videos people growing a lot of young people don't go to groceries anymore. They start growing stuff at the park at their garden. I think that's fascinating.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so you you don't really want to go back to school.
Minh Triet Vu: I mean, it's not that I hate and I am so against it. Now, I mean going yes I have to go. That's what I feel so not excited happy.
Minh Triet Vu: Imaginary and fluffy but
Minh Triet Vu: OK, so I'm going back to school. Okay, I'm going
Shawn Phalen: Why do you feel like you have to go back to school.
Minh Triet Vu: Oh, I cannot. I cannot
Minh Triet Vu: Stay doing nothing anyway.
Minh Triet Vu: That's enough for
Minh Triet Vu: Me to divert my energy into something else. Okay, so you're
You're
Getting bored.
Minh Triet Vu: Not necessarily board.
Minh Triet Vu: But I feel empty and have
Minh Triet Vu: Too much time.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah. Yes.
Do you feel
Minh Triet Vu: I feel, Dad, I do something more.
Minh Triet Vu: Do you have
Shawn Phalen: anxiety about going back to school about
The workload and
Minh Triet Vu: Stuff. No.
Minh Triet Vu: I think I can handle myself myself is
Minh Triet Vu: To handle and I can handle myself and
Minh Triet Vu: Then I think school is is relatively easier.
Minh Triet Vu: I'm sorry I have to
Shawn Phalen: Do you feel like you're handling yourself now.
Minh Triet Vu: Yes, here and there. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: What areas, would you like to improve
Minh Triet Vu: To improve on.
Minh Triet Vu: IP exercise more. Oh.
Minh Triet Vu: It was so embarrassing this this morning, I try to, I try to reach out for jar.
Minh Triet Vu: And it hurts.
Minh Triet Vu: So yes, I if if there's one thing I should improve and
Minh Triet Vu: That is to exercise.
That's good.
Good.
Minh Triet Vu: Okay, so are you are you
Shawn Phalen: Are you parents, your family's house right now.
Minh Triet Vu: Yes.
Minh Triet Vu: Because last week they order a refrigerator so
Minh Triet Vu: They could use a hand because you have pair of hands. That's why I traveled by
Minh Triet Vu: That and yeah I'm about to go back to
Minh Triet Vu: To the other place.
Minh Triet Vu: Tomorrow,
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so you can stay with them.
Minh Triet Vu: Now only for like two days only when they need help and audit and dad.
Minh Triet Vu: Oh, someone will take me back.
Minh Triet Vu: I have
Minh Triet Vu: I have a cousin.
Minh Triet Vu: who you are as a living.
Minh Triet Vu: So yeah, it's been it's been
Minh Triet Vu: It's been
Minh Triet Vu: Easy, but with his health.
So,
Minh Triet Vu: I don't really want to ride.
Minh Triet Vu: Aboard right now.
Shawn Phalen: Is the part is the part open
Minh Triet Vu: Yes. With reduce hours.
Minh Triet Vu: But
Minh Triet Vu: In order to stay healthy. I think I should avoid that for a while.
I agree.
Shawn Phalen: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: No, I just want to make sure that you're feeling. Are you feeling anything compared to go back to school. I know that you're
Shawn Phalen: Wanting to fill your trying more and I
Shawn Phalen: Get that
Shawn Phalen: Howard.
How
Shawn Phalen: How are you going to manage to
You know, we talked about how
When
Shawn Phalen: You
Do a lot of work. Right.
You do a lot more than you really need to do
For you.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah.
Minh Triet Vu: So I'll tell you what I have been doing in order to stay focus in the things and they need to
Do
Minh Triet Vu: That is to have a smaller
This size.
Minh Triet Vu: It, bring it brings really loudly for
Minh Triet Vu: You considering its size.
Minh Triet Vu: So,
Minh Triet Vu: When I need to do something.
Minh Triet Vu: I just set an alarm.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah.
Minh Triet Vu: Okay, see you give yourself a window.
Minh Triet Vu: And
Minh Triet Vu: I bring something that
Minh Triet Vu: Will absolutely distract me
Minh Triet Vu: From anything that
Shawn Phalen: I
Minh Triet Vu: That I do at the moment in time at that specific moment of time.
Minh Triet Vu: Because it brings so loud.
Minh Triet Vu: And I cannot ignore it.
Minh Triet Vu: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So you're going to use that when you start doing
Minh Triet Vu: Yes.
Give yourself.
Time.
Shawn Phalen: To get them.
Minh Triet Vu: Yes, and also set an alarm for dinner for lunch or time to go to bed, everything
Great.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so
Shawn Phalen: How many hours of sleep a night. Are you getting now.
Minh Triet Vu: Okay, sorry.
Shawn Phalen: Then when you start school. How many classes are, you know,
Minh Triet Vu: It varies
Minh Triet Vu: For for ones. I don't know which one day will offer
Minh Triet Vu: Because right now, everything is a mess.
Shawn Phalen: I don't even have
Minh Triet Vu: The schedule. I don't even have the calendar.
Minh Triet Vu: And yeah, they have not announced anything coming up that
So,
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, so you can even search or register for classes and so
Yeah.
Minh Triet Vu: Right. Yes.
Minh Triet Vu: Maybe July.
Minh Triet Vu: I think July is is quite late already but
Shawn Phalen: Consider
Minh Triet Vu: The situation right now.
Minh Triet Vu: That's understandable.
Shawn Phalen: You wanted
Minh Triet Vu: It's hard to answer that.
Minh Triet Vu: For
You take four classes and you're going to be a whole thing.
Minh Triet Vu: Oh, yes.
Minh Triet Vu: I'm still thinking
Minh Triet Vu: I'm sorry.
Minh Triet Vu: Maybe it's because maybe it's because right now. I feel like I have too much time.
Minh Triet Vu: For my own good.
Minh Triet Vu: And I need to divert the energy into something else.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. Would you be open to starting out with maybe three classes for
Minh Triet Vu: I'm sorry.
Shawn Phalen: Would you be open to doing three classes, instead of four classes. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: And
Shawn Phalen: How many more classes do you need to graduate female
Minh Triet Vu: Oh,
Minh Triet Vu: It has to be somewhere between
Minh Triet Vu: 12 and 15
I'm a junior
Minh Triet Vu: And that's about. I know.
Minh Triet Vu: Because
For once,
Minh Triet Vu: I think my G. My general education is not complete, that's why.
Minh Triet Vu: I still have
Minh Triet Vu: I think
Minh Triet Vu: Three, four more to go.
Minh Triet Vu: Ahead for general education. Yes. And then
Major
Shawn Phalen: Even in classes for your major. You're not in addition
Minh Triet Vu: I'm in
Minh Triet Vu: A pool divisions day allowed
Minh Triet Vu: Me to register for the upper division classes.
Minh Triet Vu: Yes, but then also they also send me a notice saying that general education is not complete, and you should take this, this, this and this.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Well can you do you think you want to start out taking your general ed first
Shawn Phalen: Your plan in the fall.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, I'm taking to taking to
Minh Triet Vu: General education class and
Minh Triet Vu: One or two upper division.
Minh Triet Vu: Costs. Okay, good. That's the plan.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. My, my. When I asked you if you'd be open to taking three just doing three classes, you know, just to kind of get yourself in the swing of it, get back into the groove. You know, we don't have a start out like
Shawn Phalen: Maybe start up slow.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, I understand.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, give you time to adjust.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. All right.
Shawn Phalen: Um, so I know with not knowing if classes are going to be in person or online that creates an issue for your, for your stain because your rent your lease is up right next month.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah.
Okay. And have you given that. Any more thoughts are each going to wait to hear from the school I'm going on.
Minh Triet Vu: I'm sorry, when
Shawn Phalen: Are you just gonna wait to hear from the school.
Shawn Phalen: Before you make any decisions about moving or staying
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah.
Minh Triet Vu: So,
Minh Triet Vu: There's one thing I'm getting kind of used to
Minh Triet Vu: Displace yeah
Minh Triet Vu: So it may not be a best thing for me to move back
Right.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, okay.
Minh Triet Vu: I think i think i think helping my parents.
Shawn Phalen: Just a pre tax.
Minh Triet Vu: I think my, I think my real intention is, I just want to see.
Minh Triet Vu: If
Minh Triet Vu: I will be able to live here.
Right.
Shawn Phalen: And I'm wondering if that would just give you
Extra work, you know, if you were to be back home like can be with family.
Shawn Phalen: What do you think
Minh Triet Vu: It's, I think it's not something that can answer right away.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah.
Okay, I get it.
Minh Triet Vu: Sorry.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, that's okay. I worry, you're fine.
Shawn Phalen: Um,
Shawn Phalen: Alright, how are your parents are they doing okay.
Shawn Phalen: Oh, yes.
They doing
Minh Triet Vu: Are they
Minh Triet Vu: As always,
Minh Triet Vu: Great. They're just doing great.
Yes.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Have you been helping more with the paperwork for all that for unemployment.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah yeah only
Minh Triet Vu: Only on the part that I can understand that I that I am able to understand
Minh Triet Vu: And the parts that I cannot answers for myself.
Then
Minh Triet Vu: I'll just type
Minh Triet Vu: You tell me what you have
Minh Triet Vu: It's what I'm saying to them.
And
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, so
Minh Triet Vu: My parents are making
Minh Triet Vu: Phone calls
Minh Triet Vu: To the employers their previous employers.
Minh Triet Vu: To ass so
Minh Triet Vu: I hit it.
Minh Triet Vu: I hit this part and then I'm stuck. What, what do I need to do. Yeah.
Minh Triet Vu: And then
Minh Triet Vu: Once they receive the answer.
Minh Triet Vu: I'll help them further.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so they still
Minh Triet Vu: We still have to fill out all that paperwork for them. Correct. Yes, but
Minh Triet Vu: Not a lot.
Minh Triet Vu: I have
Minh Triet Vu: I think I have finished marvelous 80%
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So they're not getting any unemployment money, uh,
Minh Triet Vu: Huh.
Minh Triet Vu: No.
Shawn Phalen: All right.
Shawn Phalen: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: All right. Anything else that you wanna, you want to go over
Minh Triet Vu: Me ask you something, if you have time
Minh Triet Vu: I think we're about to
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, we have fun.
Minh Triet Vu: Okay, so between between reading and
Minh Triet Vu: Music and then movies.
Minh Triet Vu: Which one
Minh Triet Vu: Do you like the most
Shawn Phalen: Me, personally.
Shawn Phalen: I think I like movie. And then I like reading and then I like
Minh Triet Vu: Movies that classic or recent ones.
Shawn Phalen: I like
Shawn Phalen: Or film.
Like documentary
Shawn Phalen: I like murder mystery.
Shawn Phalen: I don't really like old movie. I don't like black and white.
Shawn Phalen: And I don't really like classic movies.
Shawn Phalen: I watch a lot of Netflix.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah. Many people watch on
Minh Triet Vu: Netflix. Yes, don't have cable. I don't watch TV.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, me too. I don't watch TV.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, but I do, I do watch movies from time to time.
Minh Triet Vu: And
Minh Triet Vu: I think the movies that I watch. Not a lot of people watch them.
Minh Triet Vu: I can, I can name a few.
Minh Triet Vu: Titles, but
Minh Triet Vu: The whole movies. Maybe I will read, I will
Minh Triet Vu: Of course I will remember the movies, but I would just pay attention to want to quote in that movie.
Minh Triet Vu: So,
Minh Triet Vu: The one
Minh Triet Vu: That I'm still thinking right now about right now.
Minh Triet Vu: Is the one
Minh Triet Vu: It's called I origin.
Yeah.
Minh Triet Vu: It's a weird one.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, I remember just one thing.
Minh Triet Vu: It's about it's about
Minh Triet Vu: The war and urge form.
Minh Triet Vu: Me saying it's
Correctly.
Minh Triet Vu: It's a kind of warm
Minh Triet Vu: No legs.
Minh Triet Vu: No eyes live in the dirt.
Yeah.
Minh Triet Vu: Yep.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, so
Minh Triet Vu: There's an experiment.
Minh Triet Vu: To conducted on the earth swarm to determine whether they have eyes or not.
Minh Triet Vu: And then at some point one scientist says that
Minh Triet Vu: He can
Minh Triet Vu: He can somehow
Minh Triet Vu: Get them.
Minh Triet Vu: Eyes.
Minh Triet Vu: It's not like he can
Minh Triet Vu: He can plans eyes on them, but give them a sense of vision that they do not know about
Minh Triet Vu: Something like that.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, but then the question is,
Minh Triet Vu: Will they be happy with that.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, that's a good question.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, or they will be extremely fearful.
Minh Triet Vu: Because it's something that I don't don't know about.
For millions years
Minh Triet Vu: Yep.
Minh Triet Vu: And it's the same questions. Ah.
Minh Triet Vu: That I'm asking myself.
Minh Triet Vu: Again and again and again.
Minh Triet Vu: Whenever I meet something new.
Minh Triet Vu: So that, that's, I think that's the reason why I can resonate.
Minh Triet Vu: Well,
With that movie.
Minh Triet Vu: Extreme X specifically that part.
So have you
Here.
Shawn Phalen: Have you have fear around
Shawn Phalen: What
Minh Triet Vu: It is to be happy. No, it's more like
Minh Triet Vu: I can see myself changing. And I wonder if I
Minh Triet Vu: Am going to be happy with it.
Minh Triet Vu: That's all I know it's good for me.
Minh Triet Vu: Even I, myself, I myself.
Minh Triet Vu: am very aware
That it's good for me.
Minh Triet Vu: But then again,
Minh Triet Vu: In the long run, will I be happy.
Minh Triet Vu: With that
Shawn Phalen: He feel happy.
Minh Triet Vu: I'm not sure.
Minh Triet Vu: It's the here I'm just not sure. I don't know. Even I don't even know what
Minh Triet Vu: How
I don't know.
Minh Triet Vu: How did you feel happy.
Minh Triet Vu: Is that another word for suffocation.
Yeah.
Here happy or you're happy where you are right now.
Shawn Phalen: In this moment.
Minh Triet Vu: So you see
Minh Triet Vu: It, it's kind of hard.
Minh Triet Vu: It's not that it's not that
Minh Triet Vu: I'm in a bad place right now.
Minh Triet Vu: I'm in a good place right now and I can feel that I know that
Minh Triet Vu: And I know that I
Minh Triet Vu: Will try my best.
Minh Triet Vu: Not to be in the exact same place.
Minh Triet Vu: That I
Minh Triet Vu: Was before
Minh Triet Vu: I know that
Minh Triet Vu: I know that I need to change.
Minh Triet Vu: But
Minh Triet Vu: In physics, you have to base.
Minh Triet Vu: You have to base everything
On something
Minh Triet Vu: So,
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, to
Minh Triet Vu: To to
Minh Triet Vu: In order to compare
Minh Triet Vu: The speed of two
Shawn Phalen: Cars.
Minh Triet Vu: You have to base it on something.
Minh Triet Vu: You have to basis on one man standing at the corner of the street.
Minh Triet Vu: And then measure, measure the
Minh Triet Vu: Velocity of each car and then say, Oh, this one is faster than that one.
Minh Triet Vu: Or you have to
Measure
Minh Triet Vu: The distance that they
Minh Triet Vu: Travel in an hour.
Minh Triet Vu: To see that, Oh, this one is faster than that one.
Minh Triet Vu: But I have nothing to to
Minh Triet Vu: To compare myself.
Shawn Phalen: To
Minh Triet Vu: I can only compare myself with the self that I was before. And I know for sure.
That
Minh Triet Vu: That
Minh Triet Vu: The place that I was before was bad.
Minh Triet Vu: And that's the only that's
Minh Triet Vu: The only reason that I can
Minh Triet Vu: That's the only reason that I can tell you that
Minh Triet Vu: Oh right now I'm in a
Minh Triet Vu: Better place.
Minh Triet Vu: But if you if. But if you ask
Me internally.
Minh Triet Vu: Am I in a good place. Right.
Minh Triet Vu: Now, I don't know.
Minh Triet Vu: But
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, it's just something. But to be honest.
Minh Triet Vu: I think I can.
I think I can live
Minh Triet Vu: In the place
No, I mean,
Minh Triet Vu: The place that I'm at right now.
Minh Triet Vu: The self of this moment particular moment right now. I think I can live with that.
Minh Triet Vu: So don't be worried
Minh Triet Vu: It just something that I have on my mind.
Shawn Phalen: Know, and I and I understand that. I know that we talked before and I know you were not in a good place. And I think that even when we were younger, you weren't sure if you were happy.
Minh Triet Vu: I have been alone for a very, very, very long time.
And
Minh Triet Vu: So yeah, the only
Minh Triet Vu: The only trouble that I
Minh Triet Vu: Tend to encounter a
Minh Triet Vu: Lot that I think a lot
Minh Triet Vu: But I don't say it out loud. That's all. So,
Minh Triet Vu: From time to times I find myself at a place that I have
Minh Triet Vu: An incredible amount of tots, and I just need to
Minh Triet Vu: Somehow express it, but I'm not very good at that.
Minh Triet Vu: So yeah, better at it than you think you are.
Shawn Phalen: Because when I meet with you, you're able to articulate your thoughts and we're able to talk about in your head.
Shawn Phalen: That you're just the kind of person, you're, you're highly intelligent
Shawn Phalen: And highly intelligent people think a lot
Shawn Phalen: So when you start to feel like your mind is full of all these thoughts, then you know you gotta stop talking to somebody or you gotta start writing it out on like a journal
Writing, you know,
Shawn Phalen: Whatever.
Minh Triet Vu: And use the right a lot
Minh Triet Vu: I used to write a whole lot
Minh Triet Vu: But then it cause it cause
Shawn Phalen: Other people
Minh Triet Vu: It press so I stopped.
Minh Triet Vu: Friends.
Your journaling.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, but I need
Minh Triet Vu: I need. I just need something that I can compare
With
Minh Triet Vu: So this is how I saying is that normal
Minh Triet Vu: That's the question. And in order to to redeem
Minh Triet Vu: To redeem
Minh Triet Vu: The state of the thoughts. I had to
Minh Triet Vu: I had to give it to somebody to read it and they say they may say, oh, it's normal. A lot of people saying that or they may say
Minh Triet Vu: No, it's not normal.
Minh Triet Vu: And people
Minh Triet Vu: Don't think that
Minh Triet Vu: That much
Minh Triet Vu: So, yeah.
Minh Triet Vu: Because
Shawn Phalen: My
Minh Triet Vu: Because taught and then my opinion is by ass.
Minh Triet Vu: If I were to talk about
Them.
Minh Triet Vu: With myself right
Minh Triet Vu: So you always need someone else to validate
Anything.
Minh Triet Vu: So taught taught generated
Minh Triet Vu: Within within you. Yeah.
Minh Triet Vu: And you have no way
Minh Triet Vu: To to determine whether is
Minh Triet Vu: Right, or
Minh Triet Vu: Wrong, true or false.
Minh Triet Vu: The only way is
Minh Triet Vu: To talk to somebody and then
Shawn Phalen: To see
Minh Triet Vu: To have somebody validates
What you're saying
Shawn Phalen: When you an iPod. Does this help you
Minh Triet Vu: Actually, I don't know what you guys you have you have not even your opinion.
Minh Triet Vu: You have been listening.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah. You're a very great listener.
Minh Triet Vu: I can tell. Maybe it's a
Minh Triet Vu: Maybe it's
Minh Triet Vu: It's
Minh Triet Vu: The characteristic of the job.
Minh Triet Vu: But you have great listener.
Minh Triet Vu: And you have not given your opinion. So really I don't know.
Shawn Phalen: Well, here's what I can tell you
I can tell you from when I first talked with you.
Shawn Phalen: Know when we first started meeting.
Shawn Phalen: That you've made great strides.
Shawn Phalen: You have made huge strides.
Shawn Phalen: The medication has helped you.
Shawn Phalen: And I feel like you are much more grounded.
Shawn Phalen: I think you're happier you might question your happiness, but I can tell you this from
Shawn Phalen: My experience of US meeting.
Shawn Phalen: From back then to now. I think we started and
Minh Triet Vu: February, maybe. Oh, maybe March.
Minh Triet Vu: March.
Shawn Phalen: So I can tell you that I've seen different been a big difference in you and just the way you present yourself.
Shawn Phalen: Like now you want me to go back to school is a big thing.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah.
Minh Triet Vu: Thank you.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, but then, you know,
Minh Triet Vu: There's always a tiny, tiny cell within my brain.
Minh Triet Vu: Trying to tell me not to believe that
Minh Triet Vu: But I would try to believe that
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, I believe that because
Minh Triet Vu: I don't I don't lie. And if there, if there, if I felt like there were
Areas of Concern or areas I felt like needed to be addressed. I would address I have an ethical obligation to do that.
Shawn Phalen: So I need you to understand that I'm not say something that's not true.
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah.
Minh Triet Vu: You know, it's not
Minh Triet Vu: It's not that
Minh Triet Vu: It's not that I don't believe you.
Minh Triet Vu: I do believe you actually are, in fact, I believe.
Minh Triet Vu: You will lot more, maybe even more than just saying
Minh Triet Vu: But then there's always, there's always
Minh Triet Vu: A tiny cells within my brain.
Minh Triet Vu: Saying, not to do the right thing always
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, or maybe
Minh Triet Vu: Yeah, you know,
Sometimes
Minh Triet Vu: Sometimes I know what is the right decision.
Minh Triet Vu: But then I always, there's always a tiny
Minh Triet Vu: tiny cells of the brain.
Minh Triet Vu: Try to tells me
Minh Triet Vu: Not to do it.
Minh Triet Vu: I think it's what it's what you may call fear right fear.
Shawn Phalen: And fear turns into self sabotage.
Sabotage you know you're you know the right thing to do. You know in terms like internally, you know the right thing to do. And in your country now the right thing to do to don't follow your heart.
Shawn Phalen: So can we reschedule.
Minh Triet Vu: Oh, yes, yes.
Shawn Phalen: Can we do June.
Minh Triet Vu: 10th at 737 30 yes
Shawn Phalen: And then we read fan that paperwork me
Minh Triet Vu: Yes, I will.
Minh Triet Vu: Right after this
Okay.
Minh Triet Vu: I'll just do just to make sure
Minh Triet Vu: Is it your first
Minh Triet Vu: Name in this show and and your last name and then
Minh Triet Vu: At bright heart health.com. Is that correct, that's correct.
Minh Triet Vu: Okay.
Minh Triet Vu: Got it.
Shawn Phalen: All right.
Minh Triet Vu: Okay. All right. I see you in a couple weeks.
Minh Triet Vu: See you.
Minh Triet Vu: Thank you. All right.